Limit numpy thread usage for `Transformation` classes (#2950)
MDAnalysis/mdanalysis: package/doc/sphinx/source/documentation_pages/trajectory_transformations.rst

Creating complex transformation classes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

> It is implemented by inheriting :class:`MDAnalysis.transformations.base.TransformationBase`,

Reviewer: inheriting from

   import MDAnalysis.transformations

A workflow can then be added to a trajectory as described above. Notably,
the parameter `max_threads` can be defined when creating a transformation
instance to limit the maximum threads.
(See :class:`MDAnalysis.transformations.base.TransformationBase` for more details) 
Whether a specific transformation can be used along with parallel analysis

> can be accessed by checking its `parallelizable` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be assessed by checking its :attr:`~MDAnalysis.transformations.base.TransformationBase.parallelizable` attribute.
```

    u = MDAnalysis.Universe(topology, trajectory, transformations=workflow)
    

.. _building-block-transformation:

Building blocks for Transformation Classes
------------------------------------------
Transformations normally ultilize the power of NumPy to get better performance
on array operations. However, when it comes to parallelism, NumPy will sometimes
oversubscribe the threads, either by hyper threading (when it uses OpenBlas backend),
or by working with other parallel engines (e.g. Dask).

In MDAnalysis, we use `threadpoolctl <https://github.com/joblib/threadpoolctl>`_

> inside :class:`TransformationBase` to control the maximum threads for
> transformations. (See :class:`MDAnalysis.transformations.base.TransformationBase` for more details) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
inside :class:`~MDAnalysis.transformations.base.TransformationBase` to control the maximum threads for
transformations.
```
(Just use the generated link)
